fix: index getFields (#1504)
loopmediagroup/es-alchemy: README.md

- `register(name: String, definitions: Object)` - register an index with ES-Alchemy
- `list()` - list all indices registered with ES-Alchemy
- `getMapping(name: String)` - get the mapping for Elasticsearch for this index

> - `getFields(name: String)` - get all fields (including nested) for this index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getFields(name: String)` - get all fields (including nested) for the current index version
```
